exp show: Remove usage of outdated flags. (#3884)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/user-guide/experiment-management/comparing-experiments.md

parameters and dependencies. `dvc exp show` provides several options to select
the columns to be shown in the table.

As a quick way of reducing noise, `dvc exp show --only-changed` will drop any
column with values that do not change across experiments:

```dvc
$ dvc exp show --only-changed
```

```dvctable
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
  neutral:**Experiment**              neutral:**Created**            metric:**loss**      metric:**acc**    param:**model.conv_units**
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
  workspace               -               0.03332   0.9888    16
  baseline-experiment     Jan 14, 2022    0.03332   0.9888    16
  ├── 38d6c53 [cnn-64]    Jan 19, 2022   0.038246    0.988    64
  └── bc0faf5 [cnn-128]   Jan 19, 2022   0.038325    0.989    128
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
```

> In addition, you can exclude certain columns from the table by using the
> `dvc exp show --drop` option. The `dvc exp show --keep` option has the final
> word and can be used to prevent any of the other flags from excluding columns.

Reviewer: Minor
```suggestion
You can also exclude certain columns from the table by using the `--drop` option.
Or make sure that the table includes specific columns with `--keep`.
```

> See more examples in the
> [command reference](/doc/command-reference/exp/show#examples).

Reviewer: Minor
```suggestion
See more examples in the
[`dvc plots show` reference](/doc/command-reference/exp/show#examples).
```
